[Music]
Total Total has nothing Hey over here
before we go we only have 15
minutes left we have here man let's
move it no that's
how Rocío Carrasco presented herself as a
victim of gender violence she says she
lives much more peacefully for not having
social networks in her revenge she has
found healing she says it hasn't
taken its toll on her forgetting that she left
Telecinco through the back door she once
again violates what was ratified by the
Supreme Court against her and as
you and I have said get out of here
look at the trend Javi Rosito He's not a
feminist I'm cracking up I had
n't noticed and Dalas always it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if
Rosita appears
there right she's always there Dallas is
good man of course he's a friend of mine Ah okay okay okay okay
very good night
Leticia Rocío how are you celebrating on
March 8th you
to us we celebrate us
I'm more about celebrating than
claiming and continuing to remember that there's
still a long way to go in the
feminist struggle to reach the final goal
which is gender equality both
come  from experience an equality that does
not exist, I mean, we were also
talking about this today in Julian
Contreras' talk that they are looking for equality but
let's see
when when they talk about looking for
equality what equality is it that they are looking for that
women work on the construction site
carrying sacks of cement that men do. Let's
see equality, no. I mean, we fight for
rights against discrimination against
human beings but it still doesn't matter, it's
equality, let's see, there are equalities that
are not real. No man, for example, yes,
I do see, for example, equal
pay, yes, it's true, yes, it's
true that there have been many improvements
and such. But I do see in cases, for
example, in my profession specifically,
that I know of, no, but there are cases of
salary differences between men and
women or yes, less and less,
luckily, but for me, it's illegal,
well, yes, it's illegal, it's illegal. But well,
each boss stipulates a salary for the
worker that he considers, no, not everything, no,
for example, not all editors
earn the same, there is one,
yes, there is, imagine. I mean, if they can be caught, it's a
problem, I mean, if there is, there is
no way to justify why there is in
a company. Imagine that there are  two
people who do the same
job, a man and a woman, and one is
paid less for being a woman, well, that's
completely illegal, but no. But
why, but because who is
telling you that it's because you're a woman? For
example, I'm telling you, I do it, I'm an editor
and I have colleagues who are paid less
than me, but it's because I have more
experience, or maybe I have a name, a little
name, or more sources, or more
contacts. And you know, it's not because of the fact, it's not
because of gender, you know, it's because, I don't know.
So, what do I know, but well, I do
n't know what we're saying, Javi. I'm
already getting nervous about the issue of
equality that is being sought.
I don't understand why for people like
Leticia Dolera and people who do business
like many feminists with feminism. Well, of
course, well, it's that Leticia Dolera
will never find the goal
because they are not interested in
finding it either. No. Of course, of course, the
news is not an example for me either,
in fact. She has been standing out for years for
these controversies more than as an actress
because every time we see her in a
photocall, the questions are always
directed at the same thing, or rather, totally,
but she, Sara Salamo.  and four five more
and nothing happens but that's how it is,
a kiss for her, they are very different
but I think you have in common the media pressure that
women who say what they
think are usually subjected to and let's say it's not within
the
media pressure that
women who say things are subjected to. But well, let's
see the media pressure that
we are all exposed to, I mean, I
know men too who
suffer from the media, not because they decide what they
think, no. Yes, that's why I don't know why there is a
specific one, no, I mean because she made an
allusion to gender, no, you are women, what do you
have in common is the media pressure, I
mean, it's like they are judged, I
mean, for the fact of being women
and for telling their story. Let's
see, Julio Otero is also telling you, he
is saying no to the media pressure
that women who say what they think
put on themselves.
Hello, it makes no sense at all in the path
of orthodoxy. How do you handle that pressure,
Leticia, how do you handle it? I'd better, better,
you'd better because we know who you are.
I withdrew from social media for a bit. But
not entirely because in the end there is a little bit
that you don't feel like you are leaving a
means of communication and that the
objective in the end of machismo is that you
retire and then well, therapy
has also helped me a lot and
I don't know and maturing and becoming strong and
understanding that feminism is uncomfortable, it makes
women uncomfortable, it
says feminism is uncomfortable, her
feminism will be uncomfortable because she
makes it uncomfortable for herself, man, I mean, I don't know what
her femininity is. I mean, let's see, I've
read it sometimes and I've seen some of
her things, I know that I don't agree with
her but I don't know either, I haven't
followed her like other people, okay? No,
but come on girl, up to that point. You don't
have to have, I mean, feminism is
uncomfortable. Why? Because
patriarchal society is bothered by
feminism because they want
machismo to continue existing,
the system doesn't like it and as a consequence.
Eh,
well, unless, well, maybe she's
changed her wig in these two years or she's been
forced to change. She
's always been right-wing. Of course,
like Antonio David or whatever. I
want to tell you that it's not because I'm not  It's about
pigeonholing anyone No, not doing it either,
but we know that's how it is. I'm
telling you
tonight, we've known her, I've
always admired her and I
recognize her
[Music]
and well, the pressure in the end with
reference to that topic that we were
talking about has
been very, very, very, very strong, I
mean, my pressure had nothing to do
with the pressure of any other person
in another state, it's true. But well, in the
end
I found comfort and I found
a
healing that has also led to me being
able to bear it better.
Rocío assured in a documentary that we
all saw a couple of years ago that it's
brutal, I mean, brutal, this
bill Rocío
the fact of telling it, not to me, what it
has brought me, I have reached a moment in
my life in which I am forced.
If I tell you, what is that moment? I
say, What is that moment, that moment is
at the moment that judicially he sees that he
has nothing to do and begins his
media strategy, I mean, in 2019 at
that moment, not at a moment when he says at
home, no, it's, I can't take it anymore with my life.
I need to tell this and I donate it, darling.  well it's that no it's that it makes me
angry it's that they're
laughing at us man Hacienda was
also squeezing of course of course Hacienda well it's
well we'll talk about that issue later it
's the same as before I'm going to take this I'll
try no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
one question is the documentary still
selling When I say selling why do you have to
pay to see it on my TV
I swear the other day I'm going to
tell you right now I haven't even checked
bado But I'm going to tell you right now
wait because they would be
promoting it it's not that it seems very
strange to me that on Spanish television Julia
Otero makes a mention
wait to those who are promoting they
are promoting the documentary
even using photos images it
's not a gift for
abused women to spread the message not
of feminism no you don't have to pay
subscribe for €5 a month a kiss and no
but well but well but well I
believed that I believed that this
feminist channel didn't do it for money I
believed that this feminist channel did it
to spread the message  of what is
violence and no no no no no So the
12 months 12 causes no 11 months 11 causes
and at 12 we forget that no it doesn't
cause figures
it's your situation and your person
that others would continue me
judging you and creating a
public image that somehow we all
buy we all believed things that we
had said written about you yes
when I told you before that when I
did this it was because I was forced to and
because I determined
that I was not going to continue living like this I mean that
before continuing to live like this I
preferred not to not be
when I
when I do what I do on August 5th
at that moment when I woke up in
that bed in that hospital on August 5th
you are referring to the attempt to end your
life
that day the day that I open my eyes and
see what I had
almost achieved
that day and I see my husband here
crying
and when I realize what I
was about to do is when I
say
aunt you are not this I
mean you are not a coward you are not I mean
you have to  get out of here and you
have to and this has to be known and it
has to be known because you can't take it anymore
and you have to know the most important thing
for you is your situation and your person and
what was happening to you But there is one thing that is very
eloquent and extraordinary And that is
that night the night of the documentary there
were a lot of on 016 the night that
the documentary was broadcast the first
chapter of the documentary
the calls to zero sixteen of
victims
multiplied during that month those
complaints grew by 61% this says a lot about what you
dragged with your intervention that is why it says that it
says that they taught her
that they taught many how to take
measures against against no Or that some
that some would be real I mean I
want to tell you that there would be everything there
some real series for sure
listen to me I love it when I say at the
moment how is my husband here crying
but if the husband wasn't there he wasn't there Of
course he wasn't There is so much anger in me
man it was said that the husband
was on the phone while she
was in the doctor's office the other day no yes
in fact she demanded to speak to him
before doing anything it
was always I need to talk  with my
husband I with my husband I supposedly that's what we
discussed that the one who was
there was Fidel's mother who worked
at that hospital So no when
the husband was crying it's because I did
n't even take her at the moment that I
realized what I did I said this has to be
known why
because it has to be known so that
Antonio David can be condemned Of course well I
'm telling you yes we already know that it's the
story of a televised revenge and it
has turned out well in that sense no but
no but that's why it seems
very it seems to me it's because it really shocks me to
see Julia Otero that I won't let her I
put myself yes in this situation in this
whole so so also exposing
talking about the documentary that yes it
is a public television and sometimes they
allude to another But it shocks me talking
after what it has meant and that
the network knows what it has meant and that it
is a public one it is the first one that always
disassociates itself from this type of things so
controversial and so
circus-like understand me or rather it's that no I don't
understand it I don't understand if you are
mixing one thing up  serious with a
gossip thing That's why I tell you Well, gossip
that has transcended the limits of gossip
and has reached the
political sphere, the sphere but that does not stop
being that's why I
tell you sit there Raquel
before the daughter of anorantes
with is that it shocks me it shocks me it generates rejection in me man I suppose that the people in this chat see it the majority see it the same but the worst thing is that for thinking it is like this Or for saying this they label you on networks as everything bad and I do not
understand it I have
always said it when they have asked me It
would be very nice to say I have made
this documentary for women but I
would not be telling the truth you did it
for yourself I made this documentary for myself
because I needed it Because I was
forced to do it again and for two or
three kilos no
and for two or three kilos And so that
Antonio David would throw it I mean the whole the whole
story of her I do not know if
any more has been published they
comment on the political support received
from Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay
the move that she has in mind the
objective of her life is the battle
media that they already have with Antonio
David as she is the badly criticized one because she
wants to turn it around and that
the other one is the bad guy and she is the good one
by balls it is like but totally
Also I think it will continue to be like this
for life but not only for her
but always
Well go go then I comment on something else
but if what I have done has
contributed in the
slightest to the advancement of society
in some way or be it intellectual be it
personal well intellectual in
any way I am satisfied
And if with that I have helped someone that
stories have reached you have reached you have
contacted you
through How have they done it with letters
with
Wait let me think about it Because right now It
is true that I just said that I do
not have networks and I just said that they
contact me every day yes no by
smoke signals
by the effect by the teletext
because it is the color of the suit that we have
seen you with fuchsia was created as a result of
that in the end it has been a movement that
goes Well look that until recently she did
not know of
course But Javi you do not understand  that's
because she doesn't have social media that's why she
gets confused but how could she not
know them every day every day they have
made me stories every
day you
don't care about [ __ ]
we have told it several times the day that
I met her at an event That
day, from the way she spoke about things, the
way she related to others, her gestures, from the
way she spoke I realized this, she doesn't
give a [ __ ] this is television I
swear to you eh objectively I'm
telling you for real, for real Yes, it's her
media battle against me and what
matters most to her in life is one day
Antonio David She is totally,
totally, without more in favor of women
but not of Rocío Carrasco, of
any woman, a victim of violence
as a result of that, that way it makes her dizzy and
through them because there are
many men they also send
me countless
letters they also send them to Anaís, to the
director of the documentary, through
her they also send me and they send me a
thousand things every day but
just as they tell you, they thank you, they
support you, they tell you we are with you and
we are with all the impact of the
documentary  of Rocio was such that it even
generated a great political debate we saw
Adriana lastra we gave to Íñigorrejón now
but let them also put the others
not only those who row in favor it is that of
course she is talking to me on networks and it was
said that even I do not know if it is true
I ask you tonight that you received the
call from the president of the government
Pedro Sánchez called you Rocio
yes
headline well no no it does not
mean that no no no I do not want
daughter tell it
how strong
man So now they have a case of
flipas
it is a fantasy that story I am
hooked it is a
torrent movie eh total total Total no but
out of the question please it is that
imagine Please Pedro Sánchez in
Moncloa or wherever Calling Rocio
Hello It is that I imagine it Hello Rocio
well it is not that I can not it is that I
can not imagine the situation and the
other calm down Carrillo saying what is
this is that I can not assume that moment
because
the other here was seen behind and he wanted me that it
was you Twitter Mari go seeing it from
afar can you imagine Oh no Carolina
Iglesias
look look at the  scum that doesn't support us,
totally machistas,
to the rice man. Of course, of course, but this
was from the very beginning, it
was very clear. Also, I think it was María
Teresa Campos who said it was her, it
seems to me that we said, we subtracted a
little from it, so well, well, María Teresa
is a little delirious, the truth is, I
knew it was true. Let's see, it fit, it
fit. If I called, yes, I called
Monclo, I mean, I called the person in charge of
communication. Who was it at work? They
foisted the issue on me and since it was
private, they knew how to tell the person in
charge. I don't remember who
exactly called, since it was in his
private agenda. I mean, it wasn't something he didn't have to give me
explanations and they didn't
give them to me so I knew if he had called, no. I
mean, tomorrow he would tell it in the group.
The hypocrisy, not so that now people
take it and do it again,
but look at the hypocrisy. I mean, he's
going to the Rosito case without
informing himself, a [ __ ] [ __ ], but he'll say,
here's a vote for this that has had 4
million viewers and, well, votes or
quite the opposite or rejection, I mean
these people You realize that no, they are not
currently up on networks
in They are seeing that there is a
movement here, of course, I think that
people are supporting Rosito and this is
giving a lot of audience because the government
is with you But does anyone think that
Pedro Sánchez really cares about
Rocío's story That
is the thing, I mean, it's like
trying to scratch everything there thinking that
he
thinks that the people are with Rocío
Carrasco because of course they don't have a
[ __ ] clue about networks man Man, at
first, it was a stir
and the documentary burst in ratings
because that's how it is I mean then
finding the first ones at first,
I was seeing more division as
the chapters were developing, I uh,
from the first one I saw the little number, I say
done this Now no, I personally
also say the general of the people
you know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, but let's have her
confirm that Pedro Sánchez called him,
I'm left without hair
Between that and Irene's intervention, which I will never
forget,
sliding to the other side, of course, it
couldn't fail,
confirming that we were talking
about one, he said Also, I think  that was literal like
only I only had to
see it to know that she was a
victim of gender violence and from
reporting it
to reporting it to Antonio David
Come on, come on, come on, he skipped
the rule of law, come on,
anyway, it was brutal, it was brutal,
a total sentence, mistreated, he should have
gone to jail, that would be how much it
convinces at least not there, yes, we see
What a capture walking around the
woods
that I'm left with the thing about Pedro
Sánchez without hair, I mean because one thing is to
know another thing is the confirmation, you know, I mean,
also, he first asked
María Teresa for her phone number,
of course, the story, that story, but he would
call her from her cell phone, he would call her
from his personal cell phone, I just can't get
over it or first on WhatsApp, hey,
sorry, I'm Pedro Sánchez, I do
n't know if it's time, can I call you,
my goodness? Do
you think that Pedro Sánchez had to
go through Fidel first, yes,
even the president of the government?
Yes, first, He had to go through Fidel,
ask him for permission. Then he already took
Rosito's phone because fire approved
Pedro Sánchez, man, he said, Pedro
is very heavy,
who do we depend on,
the dimension that Rocío Carrasco had, the
one  her mother but also in this case
Carolina Iglesias was one of those who long
before you knew that you and I would
ever work on a program
like this long before you made several
tweets yes it's true There we are seeing
some yes you said that you found it
exciting that there were experts
talking about gender violence
I was afraid that a documentary
like this would be dealt with from a point of view that perhaps would
seem very banal
then that there would be talk of
terms like vicarious violence for
example which is a is a concept that
existed but perhaps not well I do
n't know an average citizen that
concept of course it didn't have a name but
parents who used their children
to exert violence on their
ex-partners has existed forever
divorced parents so the fact that it was
treated like that seemed very
very exciting to me and then also it's
true that well because of the closeness
also the way that you had Rocío
of talking about suicide which is
something that is not talked about very much on
television so as if someone
tells the whole journey that they have made
mentally to get to that point I think
is very important and that is not going to
make more people  who wants to commit suicide
but that it becomes more known and that maybe
cases of suicide can be avoided So
I'm excited that Rocio
is here to thank her There are
certain months of
nonsense I've
thought about and such I had it matured I went to
talk to my psychiatrist you
asked her permission opinion well permission
no but I told her I'm going to do this I want to
know if on a medical level or on a
mental level how do you see it if it's going to be
good for me and she told me Rocio I think it's
wonderful
or rather I'll answer what you were
saying she told me I think it's
wonderful the only thing I ask is that you do
n't have expectations
And you know what my answer was I told her her
name is Lola and I said Lola I start with
less
27,550 my love everything that comes more
for me is a gift I taught her it gave her
a little bite it's that I love it
because she
speaks with some terms and some things
as if she were very well read that and then
also as if she is the one who
teaches you everything you know Yes yes total total
total it is perfectly appreciated she
says
no Lola Listen to me my soul listen to me  Lola
I just came from here eh let's see
the psychologist is telling you something the
psychiatrist Well you Listen there you
shut your mouth Not
all the bad I told what I didn't
tell now with the good
and thank God the good outweighs the
bad Okay so when Of course of course
two kilos three you tell me Well well
Marina incredible eh I am I mean I am
really it's the same it's the same but what they've
gone to another media now to continue being a
pain in the ass rkr I mean it's the same There's
nothing new about the president it's not
what we can investigate
behind it that we don't know because it's that
if he doesn't understand us it's not that it's
not understood it's not understood No that it's not
understood So tomorrow I'm going to
get to it to see that I don't know I don't know
man this is a punctual appearance
because it's him for the reason of the 8m let's see
what's next
[Music]